todo.md, before:

~~ Animate Logo when loading on any page~~
~~- create code blocks  roboto mono font~~
~~- inline code ~~
~~ link formatting (i.e. hyper links) ~~
~~ citation footer formatting (make header Refereces and remove horizontal line) ~~
~~ youtube video embedding ~~
~~ link/shortcode ref in content~~
~~ fix code block formatting ~~

- don't move logo on mobile
- create js graphs
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68631574/hugo-js-assets-for-single-pages-or-sections
https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/getting-started/

- Remake card images with stable diffusion (altern city image so bottm corners are rounded)
- Resize Logo for different widths?
- create content for fake blog articles
- Create blog title and sub-title

- fine tune spacing between title and profile picture (mainly on web)
- create email for blog
- test different fonts and compare side to side
- clean up naming of css
-investigate chrome follow feature https://javascript.plainenglish.io/update-your-website-to-use-chromes-new-follow-button-35a091b6f08 (RSS)
- investigate viewership analytics
- privacy declaration?

- Add README
- Create custom highlighter style colors for code blocks https://davelage.com/posts/chroma-highlight/

- reduce size of letters in logo icon
- remove the sup shortcode
- check reliability of reference list item highlighting


- tables
- 2D/3D Graphics 
- highlight superscript reference when returning back from a reference: https://danielpost.com/articles/making-hugos-footnotes-accessible. Make cursor not appear aswell?#
- code blocks include the code language at the top (and possibly a copy code button)

Commit message:

Reduce width of cpp code block

todo.md, after:

~~ Animate Logo when loading on any page~~
~~- create code blocks  roboto mono font~~
~~- inline code ~~
~~ link formatting (i.e. hyper links) ~~
~~ citation footer formatting (make header Refereces and remove horizontal line) ~~
~~ youtube video embedding ~~
~~ link/shortcode ref in content~~
~~ fix code block formatting ~~
~~ don't move logo on mobile ~~

- sort out authentication warning when pushing
- reduce font size for mobile sized screens
- on mobile fix overlap of inline code padding
- create js graphs
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68631574/hugo-js-assets-for-single-pages-or-sections
https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/getting-started/

- Remake card images with stable diffusion (altern city image so bottm corners are rounded)
- Resize Logo for different widths?
- create content for fake blog articles
- Create blog title and sub-title

- fine tune spacing between title and profile picture (mainly on web)
- create email for blog
- test different fonts and compare side to side
- clean up naming of css
-investigate chrome follow feature https://javascript.plainenglish.io/update-your-website-to-use-chromes-new-follow-button-35a091b6f08 (RSS)
- investigate viewership analytics
- privacy declaration?

- Add README
- Create custom highlighter style colors for code blocks https://davelage.com/posts/chroma-highlight/

- reduce size of letters in logo icon
- remove the sup shortcode
- check reliability of reference list item highlighting


- tables
- 2D/3D Graphics 
- highlight superscript reference when returning back from a reference: https://danielpost.com/articles/making-hugos-footnotes-accessible. Make cursor not appear aswell?#
- code blocks include the code language at the top (and possibly a copy code button)
